fire fox     > firefox
thunder bird > thunderbird
web site     > website
web sites    > website
book mark    > bookmark
book marks   > bookmark
home page    > homepage
fire wall    > firewall
fire walls   > firewall
down load    > download
down loads   > download
up load      > upload
up loads     > upload
zone alarm   > zonealarm
plug-in      > plugin
plug-ins     > plugin
plug ins     > plugin
addon        > add-on
addons       > add-on
add on       > add-on
add ons      > add-on
face book    > facebook
